# Description:

The aim of this project is to record every action you take during your day in order to identify all your habits and activities over the course of a day. 

When I say “everything”, it's not absolutely everything, but all the actions that serve as feedback on your day for personal analysis purposes.

For example, suppose you start coding a project. Add a log “coding the project A”. This will record that you started coding project A on this day, with the exact time recorded. If you happen to procrastinate in the middle, and notice this, record it in the log and mark it with the misbehavior type. Another time, when you read these logs, you'll come across lots of good and bad habits, just like the ones you've been doing all day.

The Relogs goes one step further! As well as keeping a general record of your day-to-day life, be it good habits or bad habits, when you started doing something, such as studying or working, it also records moments of entertainment, as well as problems that arose at a certain point.

Below is an example of one of the log files generated by Relogs:

```log
[INFO]: Coding at 21:02:24
[ENTERTAINMENT]: Watching Ghost in the Shell at 23:11:44
[PROBLEM]: Resolving the blue screen of windows again at 23:30:55
[BAD-BEHAVIOUR]: Eating fastfood again at 00:22:01
[WARN]: To Drink Coffee so much is not good for to sleep at 01:54:44
```
In the future, it will probably have more types of logs depending on people's needs. 

Your logs are organized by year, month and finally days. First it's important to create the folder for the current year, then the month, which is represented by the first three characters in English (for example: dec = December).

Clone the project or download the current version 1.0 and extract it where you wish. You must have Node.js installed in a stable version. 

The logs are created and stored in the same directory as the project. Try not to move it, as Node will create it again or trigger an error.

> We recommend manually backing up the length of the files with winrar or similar. Or simply as you prefer.

Below are the instructions for use:

## Creating a folder of year:

In to create a folder, type the same code in your prompt. 

> OBS: You need to be in the directory of application:
```bash
cd src # if you are not in the src folder
node index.mjs --new-year
```
This will create a folder named `logs` with other folder inside named `log-2024-year`. The 2024 corresponds the current year of your machine. 

## Creating a folder for the month:

In to create a folder, type the same code in your prompt. 

> OBS: You need to be in the directory of application:
```bash
cd src # if you are not in the src folder
node index.mjs --new-month
```
This will create a folder called `${current month}` inside of`log-${the current year}-year` The `current month` is the current month on your machine. If the month is "december", the folder name will be "dec".

## add a new day:

This command will create a new log file empty withing current `month` folder. 
> OBS: You need to be in the directory of application:
```bash
cd src # if you are not in the src folder
node index.mjs --new-day
```
Now, a new `.log` file was created within the `month` folder. The correspondent `month` folder is the folder of current `month`. Make sure there is a `month` folder. 

## adding a register:

This command will add a new register inside of `.log` file of today. 
> OBS: You need to be in the directory of application:
```bash
cd src # if you are not in the src folder
node index.mjs --add-register -t info -c "my log content"
```
The flag `-t` is the `type` of register, also can be `--type`. The flag `-c` is the `content` of register, also can be `--content`.

# Reading logs:

Show the content of some log that you want. 
> OBS: You need to be in the directory of application:
```bash
cd src # if you are not in the src folder
node index.mjs --read-log 2024 dec 25 
```
The first value is the year of the log, followed by the corresponding month and finally the date of the log. Above, the prompt shows the log for 2024, December 25.